Different types of anxiety: 
Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) 
Social Anxiety Disorder (SAD) 
Panic Disorder Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) 
Source
https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/anxiety-disorders

Statistics for anxiety disorders:
Most common mental illness with around 40 million diagnosed over the age of 18
Only 36.9% of those who suffer are treated
Anxiety is developed from many traits such as environment, personality, and genetics 
Panic disorder affects 6 million adults in the US
Social anxiety disorder affects 15 million adults in the US
SAD is equally common among men and women and typically begins around age 13
OCD affects 2.5 million people in the US 
PTSD affects 7.7 million people in the US 
Women are 5x more likely to be affected than men.
Source
https://adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/facts-statistics

Questions: 

"Have you been feeling nervous or anxious in the past two weeks?"
This question aims to find out if the respondent has been feeling anxiety in the past two weeks. Excessive anxiety is one of the primary factors of causing the disorders listed above
"Do you find it difficult to control your worry once it starts?"
Losing the ability to keep composure when affected with anxiety is a symptom that may cause the disorders listed above.
"Have you noticed any physical symptoms like restlessness, fatigue, or muscle tension lately?"
Anxiety that starts to cause any physical symptoms is a sign of excessive anxiety. Stated in the first question, excessive anxiety is one of the primary factors of causing the disorders listed above
"How often do you experience trouble sleeping because of racing thoughts or worries?"
Anxiety that affects sleep can be classified as excessive which can affect the quality of sleep and quality of life to the person
"Do your feelings of anxiety interfere with your ability to enjoy or engage in daily activities?"
This question aims to ask the respondent if their anxiety is turning into depression. It is important to assess how severe one’s anxiety is and this question aims to do exactly that 

